Update docs (#95)
mercari/grpc-federation: docs/installation.md

```

### 3.2. Write configuration file for `grpc-federation-generator`

Parameters to be specified when running `protoc` are described in `grpc-federation.yaml`

- grpc-federation.yaml

```yaml
# specify import paths.
imports:
  - proto

# specify the directory where your proto files are located.
# In watch mode, files under these directories are recompiled and regenerated immediately when changes are detected.
src:
  - proto

# specify the destination of gRPC Federation's code-generated output.
out: .

# specify plugin options to be used during code generation of gRPC Federation.
# The format of this plugins section is same as [buf.gen.yaml](https://buf.build/docs/configuration/v1/buf-gen-yaml#plugins).
# Of course, other plugins can be specified, such as `buf.gen.yaml`.
plugins:
  - plugin: go
    opt: paths=source_relative
  - plugin: go-grpc
    opt: paths=source_relative
  - plugin: grpc-federation
    opt: paths=source_relative
```

### 3.3. Run `grpc-federation-generator`

If a proto file is specified, code generation is performed on that file.

```console
grpc-federation-generator ./path/to/my_federation.proto
```

> When invoked with the `-w` option, monitors changes to the proto file for directories specified in `grpc-federation.yaml` and performs interactive compilation and code generation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When invoked with the -w option, it monitors changes to the proto file within the directories specified in grpc-federation.yaml and automatically compiles and generates code.
```
